>> Maximiliano Firtman: So, the last
module is some advanced technique some
things that you may not
use on a daily basis.
But actually with all these topics,
we will cover everything that has
been added to JavaScript since 2015,
which is a lot but also,
there are a lot of people asking for more.
And yeah, those people are probably
getting into TypeScript or other things.
But in this section, we will talk about
some other small changes that might not be
so useful, but they're there anyway.
Dynamic import,
that is actually a big deal.
Proper tail calls, but also take some time
to understand what's going on with that.
Proxies and reflect API,
we'll cover that briefly.
Tagged templates,
I think that's pretty cool.
It's a very underused feature that
we have in ECMAScript these days.
Then, WeekRefs and
FinalizationRegistry that with the name,
we don't really get what's that.
So we'll get into that in a minute.
And finally, some enhancement
to regular expressions, okay?
So that's the deal for this part of
the version, the last part of the version.
So going back here, we are going to
start talking about proper tail calls.
So this is not actually a syntax change.
This is something that appear
in Negmax script six to
improve performance when
you're using the stack frame.
That is when you have recursion.
For example, in this case,
this function is a typical
recursive function to calculate
the factorial of a number, okay?
This is how it looks like,
you're just multiplying a number
by its previous number.
So if you say factorial of 5,
it's gonna be 5
multiply by 4 multiply by
3 multiply by blablabla.
So it's recursion, okay?
So this one doesn't have PTC,
proper tail calls.
What is that?
Well, from ES6,
if your function looks like this,
it's going to use a different the engine,
it's going to
use a different way to execute that code,
and it will be much faster.
I mean, if I execute this,
I'm getting the same result, and
we are not going to even
see the difference.
We need to measure time
to actually do that.
But I'm more interested in showing you
how do you know what's the difference?
Well, in this case the difference
is that we are accumulating
the value in an argument.
So in their recursion,
we are accumulating in the value and
here we are returning the value.
So, in this case,
this is actually doing this.
So if you think about this
when you look at this return,
the recursion is not the first operation.
What's the first operation here?
Multiply by,
multiplication is the first one.
So it needs to take n and then this one.
So let's try to understand this,
how this works.
Let's look at the return.
We call this with 5.
So n is 5, so it's 5 multiply
by 3 out of n minus 1, so 4.
Then we just goes 5 and
now it says 4 multiply by 3, okay?
And you understand how this continues,
3 multiply by 2 and so
on until you get to 1, okay?
So it's fine, it works, but
it's not so performant.
So the idea of a tail call
means that the tail of
the return should be the recursion.
Right now the return tail is
the multiplication operation.
Now, if you look here back,
when we are returning,
we are returning a call
to the same function.
There is no other operation around.
That's a proper tail call
that return that's the tail.
The return has no other operation than
calling the same recursion function.
So this is not an API.
This is not a new syntax in the language.
This is like, if you have a situation
like this, Deangei enters a different
mode known as proper tail calls, and
it's going to be executed much faster.
Just that., okay?
Makes sense?
So it's just another way
to create your recursion.
Anyway, unless you're doing functional
programming in JavaScript that is actually
pretty cool.
And encourage you to check some other
workshops in front of masters that will
get you into functional
programming with JavaScript,
you probably are not going
to use things like this.